README.md, before:

# Snowcast

I need to make sure that my sidewalk is salted and cleared, but I don't always remember to check the weather.

I wrote this service to gather the next 48 hours from [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-3), and create a precipitation summary for St. Louis every day at 6pm. If there's a need for immediate action -- such as currently snowing/raining or there will be overnight precipitation, a reminder is added to my phone at a time when I'll be able to do that (for example, at 8pm)
## Example Output

Each window of precipitation has the start date, end date, precipitation type, and
lowest temperature. If a window happens on the same day, or overnight, the range
is truncated.

```
Weather:
Tue, 2PM - 3PM
Rain (86%) | 46°F

Tue, 5PM
Rain (82%) | 47°F

Wed, 11PM - 2AM
Rain (74%) | 51°F

Thu, 5AM - 9AM
Rain (100%) | 52°F
```

## Dependencies

### Infrastructure

This is a serverless project. `npm -ig serverless` to install the serverless framework. You'll need your own local credentials.

### Notifications

This uses Twilio for SMS. I could have used SNS with AWS, but I have twilio credits to burn.

Adding reminders is done via IFTTT's app to integrate with iOS notifications, but you could do it with android just as easily. The lambda calls a webhook with the snowcast event, and my applet uses that to trigger a reminder for that day.

You can create your own, or [use the one I built](https://ifttt.com/applets/rwA53x6W-when-a-webhook-gets-the-snowcast-event-add-a-reminder-to-salt-and-shovel)

## Installation/deployment instructions

Depending on your preferred package manager, follow the instructions below to deploy your project.

> **Requirements**: NodeJS `lts/fermium (v.14.15.0)`. If you're using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), run `nvm use` to ensure you're using the same Node version in local and in your lambda's runtime.

### Using NPM

- Run `npm i` to install the project dependencies
- Run `npm run deploy` to deploy this stack to AWS

## Test this service

- Run `npm run dev` to invoke the function locally. AWS Credentials will need to be available before testing.

Check the [sls invoke local command documentation](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/cli-reference/invoke-local/) for more information.

## Template features

### Project structure

The project code base is mainly located within the `src` folder. This folder is divided in:

- `functions` - containing code base and configuration for your lambda functions
- `libs` - containing shared code base between your lambdas


### 3rd party libraries

- [json-schema-to-ts](https://github.com/ThomasAribart/json-schema-to-ts) - uses JSON-Schema definitions used by API Gateway for HTTP request validation to statically generate TypeScript types in your lambda's handler code base
- [middy](https://github.com/middyjs/middy) - middleware engine for Node.Js lambda. This template uses [http-json-body-parser](https://github.com/middyjs/middy/tree/master/packages/http-json-body-parser) to convert API Gateway `event.body` property, originally passed as a stringified JSON, to its corresponding parsed object
- [@serverless/typescript](https://github.com/serverless/typescript) - provides up-to-date TypeScript definitions for your `serverless.ts` service file

Commit message:

seperation of concerns -- reminders and reports

README.md, after:

# Snowcast

I need to make sure that my sidewalk is salted and cleared, but I don't always remember to check the weather.

Using AWS Lambda, I wrote two functions:

1. create a precipitation summary for St. Louis every day at 6pm, using hourly forecasts from [OpenWeather](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-3).
2. handle any need for immediate action -- polling for snow over a given period of time, and set a reminder to salt and shovel where appropriate. (for example, at 8pm and at noon.)

The forecast goes out daily, and looks for all precipitation. The reminders integration only looks for windows where the temperature is below freezing.
## Example Forecast Output

Each window of precipitation has the start date, end date, precipitation type, and
lowest temperature. If a window happens on the same day, or overnight, the range
is truncated.

```
Weather:
Tue, 2PM - 3PM
Rain (86%) | 46°F

Tue, 5PM
Rain (82%) | 47°F

Wed, 11PM - 2AM
Rain (74%) | 51°F

Thu, 5AM - 9AM
Rain (100%) | 52°F
```

Example Reminder: `Shovel and Salt - Snowcast detected wintry weather: Tue 2PM - 3PM`

## Dependencies

### Infrastructure

This is a serverless project. `npm -ig serverless` to install the serverless framework. You'll need your own local credentials.

### Notifications

This uses Twilio for SMS. I could have used SNS with AWS, but I have twilio credits to burn.

Adding reminders is done via IFTTT's app to integrate with iOS notifications, but you could do it with android just as easily. The lambda calls a webhook with the snowcast event, and my applet uses that to trigger a reminder for that day.

Unfortunately, IFTTT says that applets using webhooks cannot be published, otherwise I'd share mine.

## Installation/deployment instructions

Depending on your preferred package manager, follow the instructions below to deploy your project.

> **Requirements**: NodeJS `lts/fermium (v.14.15.0)`. If you're using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), run `nvm use` to ensure you're using the same Node version in local and in your lambda's runtime.

### Using NPM

- Run `npm i` to install the project dependencies
- Run `npm run deploy` to deploy this stack to AWS

## Test this service

- Run `npm run dev` to invoke the function locally. AWS Credentials will need to be available before testing.

Check the [sls invoke local command documentation](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/cli-reference/invoke-local/) for more information.

## Template features

### Project structure

The project code base is mainly located within the `src` folder. This folder is divided in:

- `functions` - containing code base and configuration for your lambda functions
- `libs` - containing shared code base between your lambdas


### 3rd party libraries

- [json-schema-to-ts](https://github.com/ThomasAribart/json-schema-to-ts) - uses JSON-Schema definitions used by API Gateway for HTTP request validation to statically generate TypeScript types in your lambda's handler code base
- [middy](https://github.com/middyjs/middy) - middleware engine for Node.Js lambda. This template uses [http-json-body-parser](https://github.com/middyjs/middy/tree/master/packages/http-json-body-parser) to convert API Gateway `event.body` property, originally passed as a stringified JSON, to its corresponding parsed object
- [@serverless/typescript](https://github.com/serverless/typescript) - provides up-to-date TypeScript definitions for your `serverless.ts` service file
